ah no no no don't
there's an enemy thank nice there's an
enemy tank here guys
oh god there's enemy tank here we're I
don't know where I can't fight like this
oh my comic
I'm combat ineffective damn it um I'm
out of here
later I got places to go
guess what you get for fucking with with
Tiger too motherfucker
taking all the way to pound town
there's two autos over there yeah once
Oh God
oh my god dude it Randy yeah there was a
trap I didn't see the one behind the
other one
I'm so slow down and their shadow all
right next to me shadow shadow shadow
shadow oh my god okay oh Jesus yeah I
don't know no I'm definitely not okay
this bridge it's kind of cool
Oh five
it's too close you think I can fly
through that oh no no doctor why do I
say that in August no nobody even wants
to here with that look at that
okay I think fight oh no no no stop this
it's too look this I can't turn yeah
wait you just ran up the room oh no Dave
me Paul
that's not gonna work
hey seven yes
oh my god it didn't change what then I
hear le7 you say I'm gonna le7 yeah how
it's like you know I said hey wait cuz
cuz you said troika yeah I did I brought
it so I brought s you to crash oh don't
let's go on but you are a couple things
to picture here a douche bag store team
this is the biggest this is the biggest
realistic battle map in the game so I'm
gonna have a long ass slow flight
there's a year to on the roll escapes
dict there goes our two fighters and all
the hoop tease behind them